Fix a crash that happens when the application changes states. (#14102)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebasePerformance/CHANGELOG.md

#Unreleased

> - [fixed] Fix a crash related to registering for notifications when the app is inbetween foreground or background states. (#13174)

Reviewer: nit: space between "in between" or remove "in"

Author: Done.

> #Unreleased
> - [fixed] Fix a crash related to registering for notifications when the app is inbetween foreground or background states. (#13174)

Reviewer 2: nit: also add a space between the `#` and `Unreleased` so it matches the changelog updater script
```suggestion
# Unreleased
- [fixed] Fix a crash related to registering for notifications when the app is in between foreground or background states. (#13174)
```

Author: Done
